Your ability to drink alcohol is not good.
Why do you drink only two glasses?
You drink first.
I'm going out for a minute.
The public.
You said your Chen Phu family is always so beautiful, you are still hungry and do not choose to eat.
You know what?
Flowers don't smell like wildflowers.
If that woman doesn't look at me
Do you also need to be stealthy when you fight?
Um friend, ha ha.
Happy Birthday to General Director Shen
Shen Lang, today is your birthday.
I said how mysterious Deputy General Director Chen is today.
Let's first toast to the happy birthday of the Shen Lang brothers.
How did you know it was my birthday?
When I sent you the report today, I accidentally saw it.
She is still careful.
Come with me, my sister has prepared a special gift for you.
Excuse me.
Small amount
Am I beautiful?
Go and talk.
That's the famous beauty of our company.
Of course it's beautiful.
So you...
You like me?
Dear, I didn't expect you to be so brave for a long time.
Who?
Liao Dai Trang and I are a combination of benefits.
He's because of the stake in my hand.
After today, I'll give you all my shares.
Let him ride on his head.
No.
It seems like I've all been through this.
Next, damn it.
You.
Ah.